# Zeta-Function-Project

This program is designed to verify the Riemann Hypothesis around a complex point known as z. The program uses interval arithmetic from the mpmath library, so there are no floating point errors and rounding errors are contained in the intervals. The current program can be used to verify the Riemann Hypothesis and list completeness for the Riemann zeta function, the Ramanujan tau function, and real Dirichlet L-functions. There is also an example for an elliptic curve function, but this has not been generalized. 

The program is run through general_verification.py and requires multiple inputs through command line options, which can be viewed through the -h or --help option. The basic requirements are: the type of function to verify, the point to verify around, a list of zeros for the function, and a list of terms to use in the sum over the primes.

The folders labeled "Lambda_Values" and "zeros" contain text files which can be used to run this program. The file tail_approximation.py contains equations used for finding upper and lower bounds on the tail of the sum of 1/(ρ - z) for the zeta function. This is used in the main program, but kept in a separate file for organization. The files general_digamma and riemann_digamma are compiled files created using general_digamma.c and riemann_digamma.c respectively, and are used in the main program to find special values in interval arithmetic by utilizing the FLINT library in C. This repository also contains some Python files in the folder labeled "old_verification." These files contain the first drafts of this program and some work towards using higher powers in the expansion for the zeta function. These programs are not complete and should not be used as they are, but have been left in case of future development.
